---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: '500 word short story '
datePublished: '2015-11-29T23:07:49.891Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-29T23:07:36.160Z'
title: Shiloh
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-29-shiloh.md
published: true
url: shiloh/index.html
_type: Article

---
"Now Shiloh I don't want you to be
nervous, but we're going to do a little experiment; your father told me your favorite
subject at school is science, and that you're the best at experiments", said
Dr. Sabini as she placed a folded bandana over Shiloh's eyes. 

Her Office was small, somewhat lit,
professional. 

Shiloh's sandy brown hair lightly
fell over the bandana. As he sat at the edge of the chair his feet swung slowly
back and forth, lightly grazing each other, lighting up his spider man Velcro
shoes. 

"Can you see anything?" asked Dr.
Sabini. 

Shiloh reluctantly shook his head
no. 

"Now Shiloh, I want you to try
something for me as part of our experiment. I'm holding up a number with my
fingers, can you guess what the number is?"

As Shiloh squinted his eyes behind the
bandana, he paused before answering "no", almost as a whisper. 

Dr. Sabini then took out a box from
behind her desk; a long rectangular box. As she moved it from behind her desk
to in front of the boy she shook it, causing the contents of the box to shift
and shake. "In my hands I have a box Shiloh, do you know what it is? Just from
hearing what's inside?" 

After a moment Shiloh responded,
"is it a puzzle?" 

"Oh your dad was right! You are a
smart boy", Dr. Sabini said with a smile as she quietly stood up and moved her
chair to be juxtapose with Shiloh's. "That's very observant of you; it is a
puzzle." 

He then scratched his eyebrow; the
bandana was starting to frustrate him. Dr. Sabini leaned forward in her best
attempt to be parallel with the boy. She then asked, "If I asked you to put
this puzzle together for me, do you think you would be able to?" 

As Shiloh reached for his headband
Dr. Sabini gently caught his arm, "with the headband still on Shiloh." After a
moment concentrating, Shiloh answered, "I don't think I could." 

Dr. Sabini took a deep, quite,
breath. "Shiloh do you know why you're here today?" asked Dr. Sabini as she
untied Shiloh's bandana. 

"My dad got hurt", said Shiloh
solemnly as he adjusted to the light. "That's right Shiloh, I'm here today to
help explain to you what your dad is going to go through when he get's home
next week." Shiloh shifted back into his seat, he didn't want to make eye
contact so he fixed his gaze upon the wooden desk. 

"Shiloh your dad is going to feel
like you did with the blindfold on. He wont be able to see like you and me".

Shiloh slowly broke his gaze to meet eyes with
Dr. Sabini. He hesitated momentarily. 

He then picked up the puzzle box, "my dad can't see the
puzzle, but ill help him feel the pieces, he doesn't need to know what it looks
like; he'll just know that I'm there". 

Shiloh then gave a soft, assuring
smile.