---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-04T18:18:32.526Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-04T18:18:16.204Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-04-2fbb4696-06af-4dcf-8a2c-7b6ff62d2afc.md
published: true
url: 2fbb4696-06af-4dcf-8a2c-7b6ff62d2afc/index.html
_type: Article

---
Throughout the past decade one of NASA's strongest initiatives is their pursuit of the colonization of mars. This far-off strange planet, something we've only dreamed about, is suddenly becoming a reality. "It's our job to explore the galaxy!" NASA Says.

NASA has only one job everyone.

If you've paid attention to modern movies and television shows....

"ha" they say,

Of course we have.

.....You'll notice a common thread, woven deep into our screens and Woven even deeper into this idea of fiction and radical thought we all have about what entertainment has brought us.

This common thread is that our earth cannot sustain the human race any longer.

Back to NASA's only job:  
It's to find us a new home.

Yes knowing more about the galaxy is something that is intriguing and mesmerizing to some. But do you really think that NASA is spending over 18 Billion dollars a year based on just being purely intrigued? We're taking initiatives to colonize Mars as we speak.

Has anyone seen the movie Interstellar?  
Matthew McConaughey - Astronaut given the mission to find a new home for planet earth.  
In the movie his character wants to tell the world.  
But "NASA" said some words not to be taken lightly.  
We musn't tell the world. It will cause everyone to panic, everyone to go crazy.  
Everyone will react on their basic human need, an incredibly strong human need, the need to survive....

NASA isn't ramping up their Mars initiative to put to rest curiosity.  
They're going because they know something.  
They currently know the world population is growing at an exponential rate.  
They currently know that we cannot and have not been sustaining this change.  
They currently know that there are countries all around the world that are perfect examples about where our nations population is headed.  
andddd they currently know that their is an entire political entity devoted to denouncing our affect, our footprint, on our earth...and they have a pretty strong audience up in this here nation.

They currently know something we dont  
and they've known it for a while.

We are exhausting our earth. and we're remaining calm  
(perhaps think of it as ignorant bilss)  
Wake up, they're going to find a way to survive. And they just ran out of 7 Billion tickets. Actually, Im sure they have less than a million, probably less.

Now ask yourself this:  
Why would they choose me?

If you dont know, then chances are they dont know either.  
Is it not our job to go and do that which is extraordinary? They're going to choose those that will bring life. So have a life, make your life, make it into something you can share with the galaxy.

If you dont want to take a risk or try something different and new, realize this:

there's room on that ride over